The Junkers S 36 was a twin-engine mail plane developed in Germany in the late 1920s that was further developed in Sweden as a multi-role military aircraft, albeit unsuccessfully, under the designation K 37. The design itself was a low-wing cantilever monoplane of largely conventional design, featuring twin tails and fixed, tailwheel undercarriage. Construction was metal throughout and skinned, in typical Junkers fashion, with corrugated duralumin. The engines were mounted in nacelles on the wings, and the crew was accommodated in three open cockpits, including one in the very nose of the aircraft. Design and development This design lent itself readily to military applications, and the open cockpit in the nose offered an ideal position for a crewman to act as an observer, bombardier and/or nose gunner. The S 36 prototype was flown to Sweden, where it was militarised by Junkers subsidiary AB Flygindustri at Limhamn. Proposed as a fighter or reconnaissance-bomber, the K 37 could operate at altitudes unattainable by other fighters of the day, rendering it effectively immune from interception. The type was demonstrated in civil form at the "Aerial Garden Party" at Heston Aerodrome in July 1929, and in military form as a model at the Olympia Aero Show, complete with a dummy observer with swivelling machine gun to demonstrate the field of fire.

David Frawley was born to a Catholic family in Wisconsin and had nine siblings.[6] Frawley is largely an autodidact.[6] He studied ayurveda under B. L. Vashta of Mumbai for a span of about a decade, and obtained a "Doctor of Oriental Medicine" degree via a correspondence course from the International Institute of Chinese Medicine, Santa Fe, New Mexico,[5] a school for acupuncture which closed in 2003 due to "administrative and governance irregularities" and financial problems.[7] Frawley is the founder and the sole instructor at the American Institute of Vedic Studies at Santa Fe, New Mexico[8][9] and is a former president of the American Council of Vedic Astrology.[10] He also previously taught Chinese herbal medicine and western herbology.[11] Frawley rejects the Indo-Aryan migration theory in favor of the Indigenous Aryans theory, accusing his opponents of having a “European missionary bias”.[12][13] In the book In Search of the Cradle of Civilization (1995), Frawley along with Georg Feuerstein and Subhash Kak has rejected the widely supported Indo-Aryan migration, rhetorically calling it the Aryan Invasion Theory, an outdated and inaccurate term, and supported the Indigenous Aryans theory. Frawley also criticizes the 19th-century racial interpretations of Indian prehistory, and went on to reject the theory of a conflict between invading caucasoid Aryans and Dravidians.[14] In the sphere of market-economics, Frawley opposes socialism, stating that such policies have reduced citizens to beggars.[15] He is a practitioner of Ayurveda,[16] and recommends the practice of ascetic rituals along with moral purification as indispensable parts of the Advaita tradition.

Set theory is the branch of mathematical logic that studies sets, which can be informally described as collections of objects. Although objects of any kind can be collected into a set, set theory – as a branch of mathematics – is mostly concerned with those that are relevant to mathematics as a whole. The modern study of set theory was initiated by the German mathematicians Richard Dedekind and Georg Cantor in the 1870s. In particular, Georg Cantor is commonly considered the founder of set theory. The non-formalized systems investigated during this early stage go under the name of naive set theory. After the discovery of paradoxes within naive set theory (such as Russell's paradox, Cantor's paradox and the Burali-Forti paradox), various axiomatic systems were proposed in the early twentieth century, of which Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory (with or without the axiom of choice) is still the best-known and most studied. Set theory is commonly employed as a foundational system for the whole of mathematics, particularly in the form of Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory with the axiom of choice. Besides its foundational role, set theory also provides the framework to develop a mathematical theory of infinity, and has various applications in computer science (such as in the theory of relational algebra), philosophy, formal semantics, and evolutionary dynamics. Its foundational appeal, together with its paradoxes, and its implications for the concept of infinity and its multiple applications have made set theory an area of major interest for logicians and philosophers of mathematics. Contemporary research into set theory covers a vast array of topics, ranging from the structure of the real number line to the study of the consistency of large cardinals. Before mathematical set theory, basic concepts of infinity were considered to be solidly in the domain of philosophy (see: Infinity (philosophy) and Infinity § History). Since the 5th century BC, beginning with Greek philosopher Zeno of Elea in the West (and early Indian mathematicians in the East), mathematicians had struggled with the concept of infinity. With the development of calculus in the late 17th century, philosophers began to generally distinguish between actual and potential infinity, wherein mathematics was only considered in the latter.[3] Carl Friedrich Gauss famously stated: "Infinity is nothing more than a figure of speech which helps us talk about limits. The notion of a completed infinity doesn't belong in mathematics."

Antiquus was a Canadian power metal band from Vancouver, British Columbia. Their music combined different styles of metal into a unique fusion most closely likened to power metal, while being reasonably progressive. In their own words, "Far from the mainstream, Antiquus draws upon the roots of metal to create its signature sound - aggressive, melodic, intelligent. Clean, strong vocals and complex story-telling lyrics set against a sonic canvas of harmony guitars, edgy bass lines and punchy drumming."[1] The name Antiquus was drawn from the Latin word for 'ancient'. In an interview with Fast Forward Weekly, Antiquus member Andrew Bak clarified their goals. "We never decided to do one particular style of metal or take one particular approach. The songwriting and the sound we have really just came out of the chemistry, everything that we did was something that developed because of the personalities that we have and the level that we are at."[2] Antiquus toured as openers for bands such as D.O.A,[citation needed], Into Eternity[3] and Sonata Arctica.[4] Their albums were generally well received by reviewers, however fan recognition was low due to the general lack of popularity of the style in North America. Antiquus formed in 2000, working to bring together a coherent group of musicians to produce their first album, Ramayana.[5] The original members of the group, Andrew Bak, Jeff Dormer and Scott Unger, recruited vocalist Jesse White and, for second guitar, Dave Priban. Ramayana was released independently in 2004. Reviews were generally positive, with some critics saying that Ramayana was one of the best progressive metal albums to come out of Canada.[6][7] Ramayana was a concept album, the bulk of the album retells the story of Ramayana, from ancient Hindu lore. A single song on the album told the story of the Battle of Eylau. The album contains a concept story involving a captain of a vessel exploring and discovering new lands for his monarch king. Eleutheria is the Greek word for freedom, which is a theme within the album. This album was more easily associated with power metal, which allowed them to tour with popular power metal bands such as Sonata Arctica.[12] Reviews stated the album took some time to absorb, due to the band's varying sound. The lyrics being especially important to the experience in this album, many reviewers enjoyed the album after developing an understanding of the story

In 1978, Air Chief Marshal Sir Christopher Foxley-Norris approached the major British tobacco companies regarding a possible Tobacco Consumers' Association. Foxley-Norris, a pipe and cigar smoker, said that he was concerned about the increasing interference by "the Government and other do-gooding bodies" in people's lives, and that he was surprised that the industry had not put up any co-ordinated response to anti-smoking measures. He added that, having retired from the RAF in 1974, he was seeking a salaried position in such an organisation to supplement his pension.[3] At around the same time, Lieutenant-General Sir Geoffrey Charles Evans, a cigarette smoker and formerly General Secretary of the National Union of Retail Tobacconists made similar proposals to industry figures. The Tobacco Advisory Committee (TAC), the then British tobacco industry trade association, agreed that the time was right to launch a pro-smoking group. TAC stated that the new organisation would need to "be closely controlled and supported by the industry, but be seen to be sufficiently independent to maintain its credibility".[4] After some debate as to whether Evans or Foxley-Norris should run the group, FOREST was launched on 19 June 1979,[5] with Foxley-Norris chairman and Evans chief executive, the men being the group's first two members. Soon after launch, a March 1980 TAC memo showed that the tobacco industry felt that there was confusion about the organisation's purpose, doubts as to the effectiveness of FOREST's activities, and continuing uncertainty as to whether it should endeavour to recruit a mass membership or continue to serve the industry directly.[6] Further doubts were expressed over FOREST's direction by TAC figures in 1981,[7] with some companies questioning whether to continue funding the group, or to establish a different, more effective group. A model for a pro-smoking pressure group[8] was agreed by TAC members, and it was further agreed that this model would be applied to the existing FOREST organisation, rather than attempting to establish a new pro-smoking group.[9] The restructured FOREST would require a new chief executive to replace Evans,[9] and would not only react to news and tobacco control developments, but would seek to make its own news in the form of conducting research and lobbying. Individual members were seen as 'desirable', but not essential.